A lamp is discovered by this great Daebun, exactly handwritten of the Egyptian soldier,
of Guru Padmasambha's own handwritten.
That as it is, is discovered by a great Daebun, Churya Vitti Numba, Churya Numba, Churya Numba,
and Churya Vitti, great Yangon Kukro and great Chintze, those are.
So therefore, this is page 77, our open prayer booklet, please look back.
Open it for me, page 77.
Open it for me, page 77, page 77, page 77, page 77, page 77, page 77, page 77, page 77,
(singing in foreign language)
- I pray to you, please bless us,
and pacify our inner and secret obstacles.
Bless us and all our aspirations
be spontaneously recorded.
(singing in foreign language)